Qixi Festival is not my girlfriend
She's my fiancee.
How could Mr. Shen learn to be worthy of you?
Besides, he is also entangled with Luo San
You must have been deceived by him.
I had a hard time snatching him from Rosen
Come here, even if he lied to me, I will admit it.
It's all you, I remember I warned you
Don't appear in front of Xu Xi again
Mr. Shen, I'm just joking with Xu Xi
I was wrong, I will never dare again
This mall can't even keep up with the people I banned
I don't want to continue doing it.
Mr. Shen, I beg you not to let the mall fire me
Really cornered
Xu Xian, I shouldn't have said that to you
They say my mouth is cheap
Please forgive me.
That's enough!
Let him go
Go away
Humph
Xiaoxi
You shouldn't be soft-hearted in the face of such a person
I should let my uncle punish him well
I see you are very free recently.
Hey, I have something to do with me, I'll go first
Hey.
But he was right.
You don't treat someone like this
If it is not guaranteed, it will harm you in the future.
Feng shui turns
One day, Mr. Shen and I will also be separated from Yan Biao
Maybe it will end worse than him
Why should I kill him all?
Are you right, Mr. Shen?